(upbeat music)
- [Instructor] Let us look together
now at a solution for the challenge.
What we're wanting to do is modify
the DemoClient application start-up configuration,
to report only the start-up events
that are initiated by the Spring Boot framework.
Let's have a little context.
Right now, we have a DemoClient application.
It is currently running.
It is currently getting an application startup context
using a buffering application startup object.
The results of this current startup configuration
are that our startup and point from our actuator directory
is reporting hundreds of events.
And we want to narrow that down so that we are just seeing
a specific subset of them.
This challenge is asking us to report only the events that
are initiated by the Spring Boot framework itself.
So the way we do that is as follows.
We need to add to our buffering application,
startup configuration, a filter,
and we're going to add a filter on the startup step,
and we want to get the name of the step.
And we want to find the steps that start with Spring Boot.
This information is coming from the event startup step name.
We can plug our filter in here,
ask for only names that start with Spring Boot.
And now we're still passing the same buffering application
startup object to our startup command,
and then to our run command,
we're going to restart our client application.
Let's reload our actuator directory
go back into our startup metrics.
And here we have only a few metrics.
Now we have six metrics,
all of them specific to the Spring Boot framework
initiated events.
So that is one solution to our challenge.